, is it going to Default? Yes, because this is definitely relevant
, because he is talking about this, is saying this, that in the property price will be
affected  In the long run, does
he say that the expected appearance of the next line appears scare?  '
s shadow
interest income income this is what you expect this eh is not the Fed increase first right
, is the increase the interest rate the increase first so you Hong Kong you so say this is going to be poor that is that is
above this is profitable but the bank business owner  The
question after you added, and at the same time is talking about you,
is it the external increase is greater, or your interest interest income
is eh progress better d so it means, so now the
external increase is down  , get growth need than is the big know poor